SemEval-2017 Task 7: Detection and Interpretation of English Puns
==================================================================

This archive contains trial and test data for the SemEval-2017 shared
task on the detection and interpretation of English puns.

In the "trial" directory, there are six XML files that cover each of
the three subtasks (pun detection, pun location, and pun
interpretation) and pun types (heterographic and homographic) as
described on the task web page.  In combination with the document type
definition (DTD) in the file puns.dtd, these XML files should be
self-explanatory.

Associated with each XML file is a delimited text file that
illustrates the answer format expected by the scoring software.  These
formats are as follows:

For subtask 1, each line consists of two fields separated by
horizontal whitespace (a single tab or space character).  The first
field is the ID of a text from the XML file.  The second field is "1"
if the text contains a pun, or "0" if the text does not contain a pun.

For subtask 2, each line consists of two fields separated by
horizontal whitespace (a single tab or space character).  The first
field is the ID of a text from the XML file.  The second field is the
ID of the one word in that text which is a pun.

For subtask 3, each line consists of three fields separated by
horizontal whitespace (a single tab or space character).  The first
field is the ID of a pun word.  The second field is a
semicolon-delimited list of WordNet 3.1 sense keys that match one
meaning of the pun.  The third field is a semicolon-delimited list of
WordNet 3.1 sense keys that match the other meaning of the pun.

The order of the two meanings is not significant, nor is the order of
the sense keys within each meaning.  Please visit the task web page at
<http://alt.qcri.org/semeval2017/task7/> for further details on the
scoring metrics.

The "test" directory contains the test data (six XML files that cover
each of the three subtasks and pun types).

Tristan Miller
miller@ukp.informatik.tu-darmstadt.de
January 22, 2017
